[OSDOCS#17174]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-1 (#114085)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/compliance-crd-scan-setting.adoc

[id="scan-setting-object_{context}"]
= ScanSetting object

[role="_abstract"]
You can use the `ScanSetting` object to define and reuse the operational policies to run your scans, reducing configuration repetition across many scan bindings.

By default, the Compliance Operator creates the following `ScanSetting` objects:

* *default* - it runs a scan every day at 1 AM on both master and worker nodes by using a 1Gi Persistent Volume (PV) and keeps the last three results. Remediation is neither applied nor updated automatically.

> * *default-auto-apply* - it runs a scan every day at 1AM on both control plane and worker nodes by using a 1Gi Persistent Volume (PV) and keeps the last three results. Both `autoApplyRemediations` and `autoUpdateRemediations` are set to true.

Reviewer: Consider replacing the vague "it" by the actual term

  - effect: NoSchedule
    key: node.kubernetes.io/memory-pressure
    operator: Exists
roles:
- master
- worker
scanTolerations:
- operator: Exists
schedule: 0 1 * * *
showNotApplicable: false
strictNodeScan: true
timeout: 30m
----
+
where:

`autoApplyRemediations`:: Set to `true` to enable auto remediations. Set to `false` to disable auto remediations.
`autoUpdateRemediations`:: Set to `true` to enable auto remediations for content updates. Set to `false` to disable auto remediations for content updates.
`rawResultStorage.rotation`:: Specifies the number of stored scans in the raw result format. The default value is `3`. As the older results get rotated, the administrator must store the results elsewhere before the rotation happens. To disable the rotation policy, set the value to `0`.

> `rawResultStorage.size`:: Specifies the storage size that should be created for the scan to store the raw results. The default value is `1Gi`.

Reviewer: Consider using active voice and replace "should" with "must"

`schedule`:: Specifies how often the scan should be run in cron format.

> `roles`:: Specifies the `node-role.kubernetes.io` label value to schedule the scan for `Node` type. This value has to match the name of a `MachineConfigPool`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`roles`:: Specifies the `node-role.kubernetes.io` label value to schedule the scan for `Node` type. This value must match the name of a `MachineConfigPool` resource.
```

See https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#object-references
